scale-testing: add a section covering the internals (#6031)
sourcegraph/handbook: content/departments/engineering/dev/tools/scaletesting.md

The following repositories are available to test against repositories with a massive amount of commits:

- `https://gitlab.sgdev.org/sgtest/megarepo1` (>700k commits)

## Scaletesting internals

This section covers where to find the code behind the ScaleTesting initiative.

- [Deployments](https://github.com/sourcegraph/deploy-sourcegraph-scaletesting)
- [Tools](https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/-/tree/dev/scaletesting)
- [Scratch Logs](https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/sourcegraph/devx-scratch/-/blob/2022/scaletesting/log.snb.md)

### Creating a scenario runner

While not implemented at this stage, creating a runner is very similar to how the end-to-end test runner is working on the main repo, you set up your client and reach the instance to perform your requests.

> There are a few various approaches, depending on what you want to test:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on what you want to test, there are a few approaches you can take:
```
